[Heartbeat] Add docs for rootless pings (#15194)
elastic/beats: heartbeat/docs/heartbeat-options.asciidoc

These options configure {beatname_uc} to use ICMP (v4 and v6) Echo Requests to check
the configured hosts. These options are valid when the <<monitor-type,`type`>> is

> `icmp`. Please not that on most platforms one must execute Heartbeat with elevated permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`icmp`. Please note that on most platforms you must execute Heartbeat with elevated permissions
```

to perform ICMP pings.

> On Linux regular users may perform pings if the right file capabilities are set. You can run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, regular users may perform pings if the right file capabilities are set. Run
```

`sudo setcap cap_net_raw+eip /path/to/heartbeat` to  grant {beatname_uc} ping capabilities on Linux.

> Alternatively, one may grant ping permissions the user {beatname_uc} runs as. To grant ping permissions

Reviewer: "...to the user..."?
```suggestion
Alternatively, one may grant ping permissions to the user {beatname_uc} runs as. To grant ping permissions
```

> in this way run `sudo sysctl -w net.ipv4.ping_group_range='myuserid myuserid'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this way, run `sudo sysctl -w net.ipv4.ping_group_range='myuserid myuserid'`.
```

> On other platforms running {beatname_uc} as root or administrator may be required to execute pings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other platforms may require {beatname_uc} to run as root or administrator to execute pings.
```
